Now that you've explored
the fundamentals of
building applications
using LLMs,
I want to show you
an AWS service
called Amazon
Sagemaker JumpStart,
that can help you
get into production
quickly and operate at scale.
Here's the application
stack that you
explored in the previous video.
As you saw, building
an LLM-powered application
requires multiple components.
Sagemaker JumpStart
is a model hub,
and it allows you
to quickly deploy
foundation models that are
available within the service,
and integrate them into
your own applications.
The JumpStart service
also provides
an easy way to fine-tune
and deploy models.
JumpStart covers many parts of
this diagram, including
the infrastructure,
the LLM itself,
the tools and frameworks,
and even an API to
invoke the model.
In contrast to the models
that you worked
with in the labs,
JumpStart models require GPUs
to fine tune and deploy.
And keep in mind, these GPUs
are subject to on-demand
pricing and you
should refer to the
Sagemaker pricing page
before selecting the
compute you want to use.
Also, please be sure to delete
the Sagemaker model
endpoints when not in
use and follow cost monitoring
best practices to optimize cost.
Let me show you a quick tour of
JumpStart and how to access
it from your own AWS account.
Sagemaker JumpStart is
accessible from the AWS console,
or through Sagemaker studio.
For this brief tour,
I'll start in studio then choose
JumpStart from the main screen.
I could optionally choose
JumpStart from the
left-hand menu,
and select models, notebooks,
and solutions as well.
After I click on "JumpStart",
you'll see different
categories that include
end-to-end solutions across
different use cases,
as well as a number of
foundation models for
different modalities
that you can easily deploy,
as well as fine-tune,
where yes is indicated under
the fine-tuning option.
Let's look at an
example you're all
familiar with after working
through the course,
which is the Flan-T5 model.
You've specifically been
using the base variant in
the course to minimize
the resources needed by
the lab environments.
However, as you can see here,
you can also utilize
other variants of
Flan-T5 through JumpStart
depending on your needs.
You'll also notice the
Hugging Face logo here,
which means they're
actually coming
directly from Hugging Face.
And AWS has worked with
Hugging Face to the point
where you can easily,
with just a few clicks, deploy,
or fine-tune the model.
If I select Flan-T5 Base,
you'll see I have a few options.
First, I can choose to deploy
the model by identifying
a few key parameters like
the instance type and size.
And this is the
instance type and size
that should be used
to host the model.
And as a reminder,
this deploys to a real-time
persistent endpoint,
and the price depends on
the hosting instance
that you select here.
And some of these
can be quite large,
so always remember to delete
any endpoints that
are not in use
to avoid incurring
any unnecessary cost.
You'll also notice
you can specify
a number of security settings
allowing you to implement
the controls that are
acquired for your own
security requirements.
You can then choose
to hit "Deploy",
and this will
automatically deploy
that Flan-T5 Base model to
the endpoint using the
infrastructure that you specify.
In the second tab,
you'll notice the
option to train.
Because this model
supports fine-tuning,
you can also set up your
fine-tuning jobs by specifying
the location of your training
and validation data sets,
then selecting the size of
the compute that you want
to use for training.
And it's just an easy adjustment
to the size that compute
through this drop-down,
you can easily
choose what type of
compute you'd want to use
for your training job.
And keep in mind again,
you're charged for the
underlying compute
for the time it takes
to train the model.
So we recommend choosing
the smallest instance that's
required for your specific task.
Another feature is the ability
to quickly identify and modify
the tunable hyperparameters for
this specific model
through these drop-downs.
If we go ahead and scroll
down to the bottom,
you'll see a parameter
type called PEFT,
parameter-efficient
fine-tuning which you
learned about in Lesson 6.
Here you can select Laura,
which you learned about in
Lesson 4 through just
a simple dropdown,
making it easier to implement
these various techniques
that you learned.
You can then go ahead
and hit "Train".
And that'll kick off
a training job to
fine-tune this pre-trained
Flan-T5 model using the input
provided for your specific task.
Finally, here is another
option which is to
have JumpStart automatically
generate a notebook for you.
Let's say you don't like
using the drop-down,
and preferred to programmatically
work with these models.
This notebook basically
provides you all the code
behind what is happening in
the options that we
previously covered.
This is an option if
you prefer to work with
JumpStart at the lowest
level programmatically.
That was just a quick tour
of JumpStart to illustrate
an implementation of a model hub
that you learned
about in the course.
In addition to acting as
a model hub that includes
foundation models,
JumpStart also provides a lot of
resources in terms of blogs,
videos, and example
notebooks as well.
I definitely encourage
you to check it out
more by exploring the
different foundation models,
and their variants
that are available
to help you get started quickly.